Document that Home Assistant Cloud bypasses reverse proxy header processing (#44260)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/http.markdown

When a network mask is provided, you must use the network address (for example, `192.168.1.0/24`), not a host address (for example, `192.168.1.50/24`).

> {% endimportant %}
> 
> {% note %}
> The `use_x_forwarded_for` and `trusted_proxies` settings only apply when Home Assistant is behind a traditional reverse proxy, such as NGINX, Caddy, Traefik, or HAProxy. If you use [Home Assistant Cloud](/integrations/cloud/) for remote access, requests come in through a secure tunnel and do not include the original client IP address in `X-Forwarded-*` headers. For cloud connections, these settings do not change the detected client IP address, and all requests are shown as coming from `127.0.0.1`.
> {% endnote %}

Reviewer: - Added a new line before and after a liquid tag to ensure the parser can context switch between languages.
- "do not include the original client IP address in X-Forwarded-* headers". This is slightly ambiguous, it could be read as "the headers exist but lack the client IP" or "the headers aren't present at all".

```suggestion
{% note %}

The `use_x_forwarded_for` and `trusted_proxies` settings only apply when Home Assistant is behind a traditional reverse proxy, such as NGINX, Caddy, Traefik, or HAProxy. If you use [Home Assistant Cloud](/integrations/cloud/) for remote access, requests arrive through a secure tunnel without `X-Forwarded-*` headers containing the original client IP address. For cloud connections, these settings have no effect, and all requests appear as coming from `127.0.0.1`.

{% endnote %}
```

> If you want to apply additional IP filtering, and automatically ban brute force attempts, set `ip_ban_enabled` to `true` and `login_attempts_threshold` to the maximum number of attempts before a ban is activated. After the first ban, an `ip_bans.yaml` file will be created in the root configuration folder. It will have the banned IP address and time in UTC when it was added:
> 
> {% note %}
> If you use [Home Assistant Cloud](/integrations/cloud/) for remote access, all cloud connections appear with the IP address `127.0.0.1`. This means IP-based banning does not distinguish between individual remote clients connecting through the cloud. Be cautious when using IP banning together with Home Assistant Cloud, as banning `127.0.0.1` would block all cloud connections.
> {% endnote %}

Reviewer: - Added a new line before and after a liquid tag to ensure the parser can context switch between languages.
- The last sentence could be stronger as a warning since accidentally banning 127.0.0.1 is a serious footgun

```suggestion
{% note %}

If you use [Home Assistant Cloud](/integrations/cloud/) for remote access, all cloud connections appear with the IP address `127.0.0.1`. This means IP-based banning does not distinguish between individual remote clients connecting through the cloud. Banning `127.0.0.1` would block _all_ cloud connections.

{% endnote %}
```
